welcome to the driver's seat the Scion
xD hopes to entice buyers with its edgy
style but will it entice senior for 2008
Scion has replaced the outgoing ex a
model with the all-new XD trying to
re-establish itself as worthy of
carrying the super trendy scion badge
what was unexpected was how the 2004
through 2007 model would be perceived by
the target audience sales expectations
were high for this model as it was the
price leader from an all new brand and
had more of the conventional small car
features but the little Big Brother xB
took all the scion thunder and now the
new 2008 XD is here to hopefully shake
up the pecking order Scion was built by
Toyota as a separate division that would
appeal to the younger and more stylish
generations of buyers that were turned
off by Toyota's conservative image and
maybe more importantly to her not by the
fact that only their parents drove
Toyotas it has been a success as the
average age of the Scion buyer is an
industry low 35 years old and has strong
allegiance to the brand to show you just
how far assigns executives felt they had
to go to distance the new XD from the
first generation XA they changed the
name
there is nothing particularly wrong or
out of step on the new XD it's just that
all the pieces do not add up to an
attractive package especially when only
sold through super-trendy Scion deals
our first impression of this vehicle
when we turned the key was Yaris an hour
drive and nothing to talk us out of the
fact that the XD is really just an
overly style yars 5-door economy car if
that is the type of vehicle you are
looking for you probably couldn't go
wrong with the XD is expected
bulletproof Toyota reliability and
efficiency but the crack in the armor
for us is the fact that this will not
appeal enough to the expected Scion
driver the XD is a bit larger and
certainly more powerful than the
outgoing XA model as the wheelbase is
now three point six inches longer it's
also 1.2 inches wider across the top and
these new measures do contribute to a
steady stance under the hood is current
Corollas 1.8
a four-cylinder with 128 horsepower and
125 pound feet of torque and made it to
a 5-speed manual or a 4-speed automatic
transmission bit disappointing is the
fact that new XD comes with standard
rear drum brakes ABS is standard however
so is the new XD worthy of consideration
if you were in the market for an
inexpensive but expressive ride only if
the scion badge is also of high
importance otherwise we suggest the
Honda Fit Nissan Versa or Kia Rio 5-door
as very worthy competitors at or around
the same price and with the Kia you also
get the massive warranty 10 years a
hundred thousand miles sorry to say but
quirky styling and trendy marketing will
not pull the XD into a place that
warrants ignoring basic transportation
principle